[Music]
Thierry on V
Bonjour laughs we'll say I love and a
francais I love going on holiday you get
some sand castle and seafood the best
French food going seafood that melts
convey what trust me stick me you're
going to absolutely love this dish how
is this enough now we kind of set
together trust me we will convince you
this is the way forward from a spring
this seems more marin year or mussels in
white wine it's so simple start waiting
need fresh mussels so the dollars still
be alive so if you take a mussel just
check it so especially possible and
alive is getting a much fresh in that
and just you can actually see they're
still really well yet actually react to
to the morgue to that you can see that
she closed up this is what we need to do
if you guys can just clean through this
get rid of any of this little beard we
stuck in there some of the distinct
she's need that pulling out to the left
nice and clean and just check they're
also alive go wait so we're just going
to boil these alive away yes for them
alive for mussels and over this side I'm
going to start making white wine sauce
which needs onion you're going to finely
dice and then some garlic so why don't
this is so easy and quick why don't
people ever do this at home why don't
people it originated if the monthly they
said they might have them when they're
out in a restaurant but they won't
bother doing it at home when you see how
quick this is effectively this is French
fast food course we've got our onion
diced up there that's going to go into a
pan with a little bit of oil and canola
butter you shipping our onions can go in
there nice pop in a movie we're you
defaulting
we weekly with with with with with with
and with that some garlic so why is it
might you're so scared of seafood and I
think a lot of its to do with people
don't other texture of certain foods and
I can't stand smoked salmon yeah I just
can't stand for the text amazing yeah
and why the taste I love salmon with
ginger is garlic's very French is if
they wear around the necks of stuff if
they do do they have a lot of vampires
in France is that the reason or no
they're just big fan of garlic and so my
it should go in a lot of fare specially
or white wine sauce
I'm not French but I'm a big fan got it
right how about that so don't we're
using that have your old pals people
hey maybe I've had a couple of times
then I did take a girl up the Eiffel
Tower once yeah yeah yeah she didn't
like it
how we doing those it all about their I
think their beardless okay so I onion
and garlic is pretty much sweated off
I'm going to add a squeeze of lemon
juice
I think we've tapped as many as we can
beautiful with a nearly ready score in
the pan I just need to add the white
wine obviously the key element in our
white wine sauce something you guys
hello more fishy fingers yep pretty much
just bring that up to a boil and then
our muscles which guys kindly prepared
we're all going to go in there straight
into the pan lid on and that is more
bone yet pretty much there leave it for
a couple minutes just to steam and wrap
just sweet I've heard the French alright
if they need to tie it up why is why
I've got to lose
I think it's ice from there I should be
about there
Oh mussels have opened I see how they
all open up does the maison anywhere
they're not I think if they're not open
at this stage they're no good at all we
just get rid of them you can get three
poisoning from yeah which is why people
are scared if they're open before you
cook them or closed afterwards don't eat
them
so we'll take all the mussels out here
and then we'll use the sauce and the
juices are left make a sauce and what's
left in here we can add a little bit of
cream too and I know the tradition is
won't like that but I think goes down a
treat so some cream and some fresh
parsley there we go so we later for my
sauce all the cooking juices over our
muscles voulez-vous coucher avec mass as
well a lemon or brush we seen as you're
taking me somewhere nice well tower go
honest with some parsley there we have
the ideal dish that reminds me of
holiday most it's more marinière
no reason to be scared here we go Mike
type in all right then dare me now you
two muscle beats from back tryam you
know who would love these that French
flip the flowers Thierry Henry alright
actually by night damn it you sound
surprised
so there it is more Mourinho sorted mmm
one appetito Oh voila one appetito